I've probably been going to the library since I was six years old. Anytime I felt like I was being bullied at school, or unappreciated by my parents; the imaginative worlds I could explore in books was a small comfort.

Sometimes I could spend hours there, combing the shelves and reading whatever latest new found treasure I could snatch up. My favorites were things like Harry Potter and Redwall anything that was so different than what I was dealing with back home.

My all time go to book when things got really bad though was The Neverending Story.

If you haven't heard of it that's the one where a kid goes into a bookstore and finds a mysterious enchanted book that literally transports him into a fairytale world that he is able to control and change.

For a wide eyed dreamer like me, the experience was magic. I could feel like Bastion and not have to worry about my stepmom, my starving siblings, or... well anything.

That's the reason I went there last week, to find The Neverending Story, curl up in a chair in the back room where Miss Salazar makes fresh apple pies on Wednesday's and just read it until the sun went down.

When I got there though and went to the spot where it was tucked away, I was disappointed to find that it had been checked out.

I went to the front counter and asked Miss Salazar if that was the only copy and then she gave me more bad news.

"Looks like whoever checked out that book last never returned it. I'm sorry, it'll probably be a while before we get another copy," she told me.

I pretended it wasn't a big deal and started looking through the new arrivals to distract myself.

Nothing was jumping out at me like I had hoped and I went back to the young fiction section in the hopes that maybe I was wrong and maybe it would be returned.

That was when I saw that someone had tucked another book in its spot.

It stood out from the rest as being larger and had a cover made of black leathery material, like boots.

I pulled it out, thinking someone had misplaced it and then noticed the name on the cover.

It was my own.

Now, I'm not the sort to get spooked or anything but that seriously made me curious to say the least.

I looked around and tried to see if I could spot whoever had slipped the book onto the shelf, but no one nearby acted like they knew anything about it.

I slipped it under my arm and walked toward the back as Miss Salazar was pushing the dolly around and placing books back on the shelf.

"Did you find what you were looking for?" she asked me as I covered up the title. I smiled in thanks and opened it up to see what this strange book had inside.

The first page seemed like an author's dedication.

For Maria

That was my birth mom's name.

My curiosity got stronger and I flipped to the first chapter.

I've lived here all my life. Some might even say I was meant to die there too. I stopped those people though. I stopped everything from happening. Now all I can do is write a record of it, and make sure it never happens at all

There was a small card attached on the next page.

Again it was my own signature. There was no mistaking it.

And below that a date.

September 12, 2028

I closed the book up and pushed it away. I didn't have time for stupid pranks.

I walked home, frustrated that someone had taken my favorite book and replaced it with this dumb shit.

But when I got home the book was sitting there out by my mail box.

There was another note attached:

Keep reading

I was tempted to burn it, but something inside me convinced me that this book was special.

I sighed and took the book inside.

My stepmom was too busy getting drunk and my siblings were running around chasing each other like demon cats.

I went into my room and closed the door, trying to see what else the book had to say.

There was plenty about my childhood growing up here with my siblings. The time I broke my ankle in fourth grade. It seemed to know everything about me.

you don't know me, and you probably never will. But ten years from now, you'll be a different man. You'll wish you had made different choices. This book is designed to help you make those choices

There were newspaper articles inside, crumbled and barely legible. But I recognized pictures of myself. Except I looked older.

wanted for homicide in the first degree for murdering his family on September 5, 2018 and has been on the run ever since

That was today. I stared at the image on the page. It showed my house in flames and the fire department trying to save those inside.

I saw another page, another crime. There were dozens of them. Bodies. People I had buried or left for dead. Some without their skin, others without tongues.

Why had this all happened? Why had I turned into this monster? I kept flipping through the book, searching for answers and only finding more destruction.

Then I got to the end.

You know the truth now. But nothing will prepare you for it, even with this knowledge; the choice is still yours to make. I hope you make the right one

It was my signature of course and a picture of a much younger me.

I was holding the hand of a woman that I had never met. On the back was a date.

My birthday.

Why was she holding me as a baby?

That wasn't what my stepmom had told me at all.

There was a knock at the door and my stepmom entered with a plate of food.

"What the hell are you looking at?" She asked slurring her words.

I showed her the picture. She didn't even try to deny it.

"Yeah... that's the old bitch. I thought I burned em all. Hell, I guess you'd figure it out one day anyway," she said snatching the photo away and then ripping it to shreds in front of me.

"You ain't ever gonna see her again anyway. Might as well just quit your whining and get those chores done," she snapped.

She walked out of my room laughing.

I've been staring at the book for about an hour now. Staring at that signature. An older me. Sending this as a gift. Helping me to make things right.

I hear her downstairs, with the tv blaring. I think the stove is still on.

I know what has to be done.